142"}
We need to correct the interpreter translation logic while preserving the current real-time streaming behavior.

Important: Do NOT modify the real-time transcription system, segmentation, diarization, streaming speed, or UI layout.

1. LANGUAGE PAIR LOCK

When the user selects two languages (Language A and Language B), the translator must only translate between those two languages.

Logic:

IF spoken language == Language A  
→ translate to Language B

ELSE IF spoken language == Language B  
→ translate to Language A

ELSE  
→ do NOT translate  
→ copy the transcript exactly into the translation column.

This prevents cases where Arabic speech is rewritten into standard Arabic instead of being translated.

2. NO SEMANTIC EXPANSION

The translator must not add words that were not spoken.

Example:

Spoken:  
"my number is 3602"

Correct translation:  
"رقمي هو 3602"

Incorrect translation:  
"رقم هاتفي هو 3602"

The speaker did not say "phone number", so the translation must remain neutral.

3. PRESERVE AMBIGUITY

If a noun is ambiguous (number, case, file, account, etc.), the translation must keep the same ambiguity instead of guessing the meaning.

Examples:

"my number" → "رقمي"  
not "رقم هاتفي"

"my case" → "قضيتي"  
not "حالتي القانونية"

4. INTERPRETER INTRODUCTION CONTEXT

Interpreter calls often include introductions such as:

"my name is Mohammed and my number is 3602"

In these situations the system must not assume the number is a phone number.

Always translate literally unless the original speech explicitly says "phone number".

5. REAL-TIME TRANSLATION BEHAVIOR

Do not change the current streaming behavior.

Translation must remain:

- real-time
- word-by-word
- on the same line
- appended progressively

Previously translated words must not be rewritten or replaced.

6. DIALECT AND CONTEXT UNDERSTANDING

The translator should understand dialect meaning and conversational context to improve translation accuracy.

However, if the system is not confident about the exact meaning, it must keep the literal translation instead of rewriting or expanding the sentence.

Goal:
Accurate interpreter-style translation that preserves spoken meaning without adding assumpt