We need to correct and stabilize the interpreter translation logic while keeping the current real-time transcription and translation system unchanged.

IMPORTANT:  
Do NOT modify the real-time transcription pipeline, diarization, segmentation, streaming speed, or UI layout. The translation must continue appearing in real time word-by-word exactly as it does now.

1. LANGUAGE PAIR LOCK

When the user selects two languages (Language A and Language B), the system must strictly translate only between those two languages.

Logic:

IF spoken language == Language A  
→ translate to Language B

ELSE IF spoken language == Language B  
→ translate to Language A

ELSE  
→ do NOT translate  
→ copy the transcript exactly into the translation column.

This prevents situations where Arabic speech is rewritten into standard Arabic when Arabic is already one of the selected languages.

2. NO SEMANTIC EXPANSION OR GUESSING

The translator must not add words that were not spoken.

Example:

Spoken sentence:  
"my number is 3602"

Correct translation:  
"رقمي هو 3602"

Incorrect translation:  
"رقم هاتفي هو 3602"

The system must not assume “phone number” unless the word “phone” was spoken.

3. PRESERVE AMBIGUITY

If a noun is ambiguous (number, case, file, account, etc.), keep the same ambiguity in translation.

Examples:

"my number" → "رقمي"  
not "رقم هاتفي"

"my case" → "قضيتي"  
not "حالتي القانونية"

If the system is uncertain about context, it must keep the literal meaning rather than rewriting it.

4. INTERPRETER INTRODUCTION CONTEXT

Interpreter calls often begin with introductions such as:

"Thank you for calling.  
My name is Mohammed and my number is 3602."

In these situations the system must not assume the number is a phone number.  
Translate literally unless the speaker explicitly says "phone number".

5. REAL-TIME TRANSLATION BEHAVIOR

Do not change the current streaming behavior.

Translation must remain:

- real-time
- word-by-word
- on the same line
- appended progressively

Previously translated words must not be rewritten or replaced.

6. LANGUAGE SUPPORT

The language selector currently shows only 17 languages.

The system must instead load the full list of supported languages dynamically from the backend or API so that all available languages (30+ supported languages) are available for selection.

The language-pair routing logic described above must work with any of the supported languages.

Goal:
A stable interpreter system that always translates strictly between the two selected languages, preserves literal meaning, avoids semantic guessing, and supports all available languages.